Project 1: Soccer World Cup 2018 Predictions
              a. Predict finalists from each group. Probable Quater, Semi and finalists.
              b. Past performances of countries and players. Include weather and other factors if possible.
              c. Fun project to share, would be a good comparison to see which teams won after the world cup.
              
Project 2: Crypto Coins, analyse 3 - 5 coins, their past growth and future projection
              a. past growth and future projection
              b. Daily (hourly if possible) prices and volume of stock.
              c. Make predictions for short term and long term and see how close they are. Would help in investing if things look positive.

Project 3: 2018 Midterm election projections.
              a. Chances of each party holding the Senate and House after midterms.
              b. Trends from previous elections, polls conducted.
              c. Can be compared to the election results in November, used as a predictive tool for future elections.

Project 4: Contributions made by Pharmacutical companies to Medical professionals.
              a. Top contributing pharma companies. Fields of medicine they are promoting, drugs they are promoting.
              b. Data published by federal department after collecting from Pharma companies. Mandatory reporting necassary.
              c. Used to project promotion VS sale comparison. How much promotion was given to a doctor, and how much he could sell in return. Also helps Pharma companies better promote Drugs by region and other factors.
              
Project 5: Poker wsop growth over the years, and top player performance
              a. Growth of prize pool over the years. Number of contestants, variations in games, age, country and other metrics of people who have cashed out.
              b. Data from wsop available online on tournaments. Stats from websites like on online players.
              c. Helpful in analysing and stratagising your poker game.
